README.md, before:

# scoop-bucket

This is my personal bucket.  
This bucket provides Manifests for the following applications that are not managed by the standard bucket.

| App | Description |
|-----|-------------|
| [秀丸エディタ with Publisher](https://hide.maruo.co.jp/software/hidemaru.html) | Japanese text editor with publishing add-on (秀丸エディタ＋秀丸パブリッシャー) |
| [秀丸ファイラー](https://hide.maruo.co.jp/software/hmfilerclassic.html) | Japanese two-pane file manager (秀丸ファイラー) |
| [UDEV Gothic](https://github.com/yuru7/udev-gothic) | Programming font combining BIZ UD Gothic and JetBrains Mono |
| [HackGen](https://github.com/yuru7/HackGen) | Programming font combining Hack and Gen Jyuu Gothic |
| [Bizin Gothic](https://github.com/yuru7/bizin-gothic) | Programming font combining BIZ UD Gothic and Monaspace Neon |
| [JPEGView-nt](https://github.com/aviscaerulea/jpegview-nt) | Fast image viewer/editor with HEIC/PDF/AVX2 support (fork by @aviscaerulea) |
| [Reduce Memory](https://www.sordum.org/9197/) | Reduce working set memory of processes to free up RAM (Sordum) |
| [keypress](https://github.com/aviscaerulea/keypress) | Lightweight CLI tool to automate key input (by @aviscaerulea) |
| [minply](https://github.com/aviscaerulea/minply) | Ultra-lightweight CLI audio player with Bluetooth head truncation compensation (by @aviscaerulea) |
| [Monitor Off](https://github.com/aviscaerulea/monitor-off) | Lock desktop and turn off monitor power (by @aviscaerulea) |
| [tally](https://github.com/aviscaerulea/tally) | Detect web meetings by monitoring microphone and camera usage (by @aviscaerulea) |
| [VOICEVOX](https://github.com/VOICEVOX/voicevox) | Open-source Japanese text-to-speech software |

The application provider is not affiliated with this repository.
There is no guarantee of any disadvantage due to the use of this bucket.

Commit message:

busybox-nt: Add manifest for version 5857-g3681e397f
BusyBox for Windows fork by @aviscaerulea with UTF-8 support and performance optimizations.
Mirrors the official busybox manifest structure (130+ command shims, post_install).

README.md, after:

# scoop-bucket

This is my personal bucket.  
This bucket provides Manifests for the following applications that are not managed by the standard bucket.

| App | Description |
|-----|-------------|
| [秀丸エディタ with Publisher](https://hide.maruo.co.jp/software/hidemaru.html) | Japanese text editor with publishing add-on (秀丸エディタ＋秀丸パブリッシャー) |
| [秀丸ファイラー](https://hide.maruo.co.jp/software/hmfilerclassic.html) | Japanese two-pane file manager (秀丸ファイラー) |
| [UDEV Gothic](https://github.com/yuru7/udev-gothic) | Programming font combining BIZ UD Gothic and JetBrains Mono |
| [HackGen](https://github.com/yuru7/HackGen) | Programming font combining Hack and Gen Jyuu Gothic |
| [Bizin Gothic](https://github.com/yuru7/bizin-gothic) | Programming font combining BIZ UD Gothic and Monaspace Neon |
| [JPEGView-nt](https://github.com/aviscaerulea/jpegview-nt) | Fast image viewer/editor with HEIC/PDF/AVX2 support (fork by @aviscaerulea) |
| [Reduce Memory](https://www.sordum.org/9197/) | Reduce working set memory of processes to free up RAM (Sordum) |
| [keypress](https://github.com/aviscaerulea/keypress) | Lightweight CLI tool to automate key input (by @aviscaerulea) |
| [busybox-nt](https://github.com/aviscaerulea/busybox-nt) | BusyBox for Windows with UTF-8 support and performance optimizations (fork by @aviscaerulea) |
| [minply](https://github.com/aviscaerulea/minply) | Ultra-lightweight CLI audio player with Bluetooth head truncation compensation (by @aviscaerulea) |
| [Monitor Off](https://github.com/aviscaerulea/monitor-off) | Lock desktop and turn off monitor power (by @aviscaerulea) |
| [tally](https://github.com/aviscaerulea/tally) | Detect web meetings by monitoring microphone and camera usage (by @aviscaerulea) |
| [VOICEVOX](https://github.com/VOICEVOX/voicevox) | Open-source Japanese text-to-speech software |

The application provider is not affiliated with this repository.
There is no guarantee of any disadvantage due to the use of this bucket.
